Choosing a license
==================

We recommend that you choose from one of the following common licenses. The
site <http://choosealicense.com> can help. When you have chosen a license,
delete everything but your selected license text, and edit the placeholders
in the license text.

Common Licenses
===============

MIT license
-----------
A permissive license that is short and to the point. It lets people do anything
with your code with proper attribution and without warranty.

GPL license
-----------
GPL is the most widely used free software license and has a strong copyleft 
requirement. When distributing derived works, the source code of the work must
be made available under the same license. There are multiple variants of the
GPL, each with different requirements.

LGPL license
------------
Primarily used for software libraries, LGPL requires that derived works be
licensed under the same license, but works that only link to it do not fall
under this restriction.

Mozilla Public License
----------------------
The Mozilla Public License (MPL 2.0) is maintained by the Mozilla foundation.
This license attempts to be a compromise between the permissive BSD license 
and the reciprocal GPL license.

License Text: Choose one, delete the others
===========================================

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


